Every athlete knows that
you get good by practicing.
By repeating the same moves until you get
really good or until you reach your goal.
When I was in high school,
I wouldn't leave practice until
I made ten freethrows in a row.
Similarly, when you get
to a computer program and
repeat a command, you can give it
an exact number of times to repeat.
Or you can define a goal and
tell it to repeat the command
until it reaches some goal.
In the next example,
the repeat block is changed.
Instead of specifying how many
times you want it to repeat,
you can use the repeat until block to
tell the angry bird to do the same thing.
Until it gets the pig or
until it crashes into the wall.
And again, we can put multiple
blocks inside the loop and
repeat a series of actions.